friends here.
We're going to see how to copy if I into another file using python or simply completely
content off a file to another fight.
Lennon Jr.
You have your file with some content in one location in any location and your host.
And what about the data you have in that file?
That data I want to copy to some another file,
which is there in maybe same location or in different locations.
So this entire data I want to copy and do this fight a gender.
This is a source file on this is a destination file.
So what you're doing,
I simply the content which is there in your source file that content.
You're going to write it into destination file?
No.
First of what?
You're to go read the content off your source file,
then.
But later you from your sword fight that they're not.
Just write it into a destination for you know,
if you want to read a data from any file in your pie Tawni Hart,
A weapon that fighting read more.
And if you want to write any content to your file,
then you're a weapon that filing right more read more you can able to read,
Write more the content which you have in your hand that continue can write it into your
file logic.
So let me weapon my editor just to write your python script.
So what I'm doing is simply I'm going toe survey a python skip name as source to a
destination dot Right,
So let me take faster fall source If I You can take any file as off No,
let me say my file as let's say,
Oh,
yeah,
I have somewhere file Let me take that.
Suppose if you're very here I have a file called random in the house.
Some three lines.
Let me take this file in first random dot Txt and I want oh,
corporate this country to some destination for let's set destination file name equals two
new random dot Txt.
So,
first of all source file content,
he hard to read.
Then what?
All that data you are reading from source from that data with the right and do this nation
file.
So what I'm doing is let me Oh,
really?
The content from your source file first,
so source file objective was to open that source file in.
Read more,
then let me close the You are open to file source file dot clothes.
Let me say we don't go on it.
You're not getting anything.
You open your file and read more,
but very sore data.
See if you want to see the data.
If you want to read the data from your source file,
you know,
and in any variable order,
let music content equals to your source file.
Object door.
Read Really entire data as a string.
You know,
you have different operations.
Really?
Read line read lines.
So really,
the string really,
This spring read lines is a list.
So I'm going to read the entire data as a string.
Yes,
you can.
Really?
No.
Let me print the data from your source file.
Whatever the data you are reading,
Yes,
that's it.
But this did I want to write it into in my this nation filing Nothing is there.
It's very simple.
If you want to write any day time to your file water,
how to do just a weapon That file Let me take this nation file object because toe open and
then destination file.
Guys,
our file name is already there in this variable.
Then write more,
then close that file.
But before going to close,
you want to write the content in your destination,
for that's why you want destination file thought right already.
How in your hand the content off your source file that that is with the variable called
content.
So we then that's good money.
Then let me see that there is a new random file in our location.
Let me start with the end.
Yeah,
New random is there.
That's it.
Right on.
One more thing.
I suppose this random dot txt I am copying into day stop location,
right.
Fine.
Now you feel very your pie transcript.
This fight landscape is there in suppose some different locations fight on Scripture
territory You how your python skills and I'm runny.
See that what you're getting?
You're getting another.
Like while you're opening your source file.
You're getting an error like no such file or territory.
The reason is you're fighting,
Skippy.
Is there somewhere?
Fight on skip territory under they stop.
You have a directory called by transcripts under that,
we are your python scripts.
But your random dot txt is not they in the location.
Where you how your by transcript that is there in a different location called this stop.
So that's why even ever if you're trying to read or write or even know what if you're
working with any files by the power complete part,
right?
See,
You know what I'm doing is I'm going to take complete part.
Let's say I need to stop up.
So this is Windows.
That's why whenever if you are giving a part,
please provide two slashes in your path That's her no destination for look isn't simply are
giving file name,
but where you want to store.
Exactly.
If you don't provide any company park,
then that this nation file will create in the location off where your python Skippy is
there.
From which location you're running your pie.
Transcript in that location on it will create.
Now I want to create my piped.
I'm in my destination file in a different location called suppose downloads.
Right.
So I want to create my destination file called Don't know its location.
Let's say copy that.
Provide the complete part.
Don't lords so big?
Clear where nobody fear working with fire spot,
you have to provide two slashes in your file parts in order windows,
not at least save it on before going to run.
I don't after that.
In their stop,
you don't have any file called new random dot txt.
Now I'm going to save it and run it.
You're by dance contest.
Come together.
After that,
there is a file creator,
new random not to.
And as I have,
no whatever the pipe landscape,
you how in your hand that is always going to work with the fixer filing random.
And then there's going to create a destination file called new random dot txt.
But I don't want Billy in this way.
Whenever.
If I run my fight on Skip,
it has to ask.
Enter your source file under destination file,
then that's good.
So that's why what I'm doing is simply I'm going to come in these two lines now injured off
these two lines.
What I'm reading is source of highly closed toe.
I want to read the source file location while running.
It was script and very word Sourcefire location or source file.
Now this script is like a dynamic skip.
It will work on any required files like ended we were destination.
Why not?
Seven Goto com Online Nice In sub Olympics,
you can probably input.
That's why I'm going to run my pythons.
Get from let's say we How are Python scripts on very year?
Our by transcript,
please.
Source to a destination?
No,
I'm going to run this.
So what I'm doing is I want to I want to copy our pipe landscape itself.
Discharge in there.
I want to copy our fight and skipped itself into some different location.
Oh,
let me Coffee company part then.
So in this location we have our fight on script and let me probably two slashes by phone
scripts then s underscore did not the way this file.
I need to copy this file content.
I need to copy into some different location with same name or different name.
But that is your wish.
Let's say I want to move this into suppose for the stop location.
I want to copy this file into the stop location.
In the best stop,
I want to provide same pythons.
Group name?
Yes,
you can out of its some different name.
Also you can provide Yes.
Let let's say I'm taking same filing Okay.
Under.
Then go to your they stop.
No,
such for Yes.
Underscore d Yes,
it has been created.
Weapon that file and see the country.
You got it right?
So simply,
this is a fight on scape.
Just toe copy.
Source file content into destination.
Fight.
Right.
Un guys,
you may get.
Don't suppose if you go with your UNIX or a Windows,
there are some commands,
like CP source of file.
Then this nation file single lane core is enough.
Right?
But why were writing this money number off lines to copy your source content of this nation
fight.
Right.
So as off known,
there is no much uses,
but we're going forward.
This concept is very,
very helpful.
Very,
very useful,
but that I just have given collection to copy one final content into another file content
like here.
And one more thing.
Last point.
So by default,
guys,
by the fall,
if you don't weapon,
you are filing read more.
I mean,
if you don't provide any more well,
opening your file by default,
that is a read more.
If you want to verify,
let's say bring your source file dot What is the more for that right now.
What I'm doing is I'm going toe just run here itself.
So I'm going to provide fixer violence after the output they're getting Are are that means
if you weapon your file without mentioning any more biting for that is they read more.
That's it.
Right?
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video while going forward will use this concept to work with
some real time scenarios,
okay?